fix metadata documentation (#594)
nf-core/ampliseq: docs/usage.md

- The path must be enclosed in quotes
- The metadata file has to follow the QIIME2 specifications (https://docs.qiime2.org/2021.2/tutorials/metadata/)

> The metadata file must be tab-separated with a header line. The first column in the tab-separated metadata file is the sample identifier column (required header: ID) and defines the sample or feature IDs associated with the dataset. In addition to the sample identifier column, the metadata file is required to have at least one column with multiple different non-numeric values but not all unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metadata file must be tab-separated with a header line. The first column in the tab-separated metadata file is the sample identifier column (required header: ID) and defines the sample or feature IDs associated with the dataset. In addition to the sample identifier column, the metadata file is required to have at least one column with multiple different non-numeric values, which are not allowed to be unique over all samples.
```
